docs: add ratelimit notice (#1653)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/tutorials/01-70-local-rate-limit.md

# Local Rate Limiting Configuration

The RateLimit custom resource (CR) allows you to apply local rate limit configuration for specific paths of an exposed application.

> [!NOTE]

> > Local rate limits apply rate limits to the traffic that go to a workload. If configured improperly, an attacker can exhaust all tokens and cause Denial-of-Service attack, making service inaccessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Local rate limits apply to the traffic that is directed toward a workload. If configured improperly, an attacker can exhaust all tokens and cause a Denial-of-Service attack, making the service inaccessible.
```
